Hello? Hello?
Hello?
I'm taking it like0
Instabase
itous
LAUGH
Good
Bye
Goodbye
I'm like
To
No
On
I called you earlier, so I came here.
Please come in.
So you called me here.
You called me here.
Yes.
I came here.
I came here to see you.
Where are you?
I'm Morita-kyo,
the 20th district.
I'm the 1st district.
I called her master hundredth.
I called her onus a thousandth.
Humm...
Thank you fine.
By the way,
committee onihad Porsche .
There,
they put an Fin not unlike the proposal add a bit cost,
but I put half a will authorities,
I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
I refuse.
I refuse to be a guard.
If I were a single officer,
I would do everything I could to protect the officer.
I will do everything I can to protect the officer.